today we are reviewing Tetris which is a
cat scratcher modular furniture system
so it is made of several different
pieces while you can buy the pieces
individually but there are five total
that they sell and real quick I'll move
out of the way um there I'll explain the
different like sizes and shapes later
but you can see that the reason it's
called cat wrist is it's very much like
Tetris the game I don't know who started
Tetris but anyway it was a game that was
on Gameboy and I think you can still
play it on computers and whatnot um and
so if you were good at that game then
you would love love love this because
you can put it in so many different
formations and during this video I will
show you some of the different
formations that we put together but the
way that this has worked out really
great for us is that um this trig likes
to come to this last step and then step
right on this and then scratch in the
morning so I really liked it this height
for us and usually there's a chair right
here so it's able to stay out of the way
and I also my carpet ends here and then
hardwood floor begins there so it's just
enough space for that as well all the
pieces are secured so they're individual
and then they're secured together with
these clips and there's several clips
that are sent with each piece so that
you can finagle them however you need to
based on how you've got your kachra set
up though there are five different
pieces um there is the t shape the z
shape the eye shape
the l-shape and lastly the O shape you
think bum so you can get any combination
of these however you want to do it and
put them together however you want so
I'm going to put together a couple of
different scenarios and take pictures of
them for our review but wanted to show
you how the pieces are separately and
now I'm going to kind of show you a
close-up of what they look like so like
all cardboard scratchers um they have
one side that's like this and then
another side that is like this and this
is a side that the cats are going to
want to scratch on and this is really
good quality cardboard it's eco-friendly
it's made of 90% and post-consumer
recycled materials and then they also
use a safe glue Katra so our paper cut
labs that make sketches says don't stack
more than five pieces of cat res high
and I think that's just a safety
precaution okay so for the purpose of
the review I have been putting the cat
resan to different scenarios and this is
one of the scenarios that I came up with
it's not five captures as high it's one
two three high and it's almost I'm five
nine and my head starts here
so it's also put together pretty poorly
because I put it together and bit of a
hurry but um that is one of the kind of
harder things about catches is lining
them up because they get kind of snagged
here or snagged there but you can't get
them done it's just you know a couple
extra seconds or whatever since they are
a dual-purpose cardboard scratcher and
furniture so if they were like smooth
plastic for example you wouldn't have
of an issue and then I wanted to show
these clips up close as well so I can
line these clips really are easy to snap
on once you have the cardboard lined up
and then they have these little teeth on
the side here that make it easy to just
they grip the cardboard almost by
themselves and they come with two or
three each I can't remember but if you
watch our arrival video you'll be able
to tell because I have that on there so
another thing that I wanted to mention
that you know if you're like gosh I love
the look of them but I don't like those
clips you can always put the clips on
the back side so that they're not
showing on the front side and then that
way you can keep that cardboard look
throughout if you'd like so I really
like captious I think it's an awesome
idea for humans I think it's awesome for
cats it the only kind of downside to it
and if it's a downside it just depends
on you know what your needs and wants
are um is that the cats ragdolls
specifically don't really fit into these
parts of it so um and even this one is a
little bit too small for a ragdoll but
it would be great for a ragdoll kitten
this would be great for a ragdoll kitten
but but overall it's very very cool has
a very very cool concept and of course
you can use this for books or trinkets
or whatever you don't need to make sure
your cat gets through it so that's what
I was saying as far as I thought maybe
whenever I review something I try to
think of all the questions I might
receive the who what where when and whys
and maybe you know any of the doubts
that people have about
item so that was the only kind of
negative thing that I could figure out
other than that I think it's um an
awesome awesome idea and very very fun
very very design conscious eco-friendly
conscious concept and if I had kids I
would totally get one of these setups
for their room because I think they
would have so much fun messing around
with it it would be like you know Legos
or something like that putting them
together for your kitty cat and then
grabbing the cat and cat figure it up
would have been totally up my alley as a
little girl thank you so much for
watching if you like this video please
gives it give it a thumbs up and we'll
see you next time
are you so stinking cute
whoa
Oh booty you know you couldn't fit in
there Oh team you pray so funny
you